RN 40565 (#4550)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Reference/Skyline_DataMiner_Folder/More_information_on_certain_files_and_folders/Recycle_bin.md

- Prior to DataMiner 10.5.5/10.6.0, a separate zip file is created **for each configuration change** that has been implemented in the system.

The total number of stored zip files is limited by the [*RecycleBinSize* setting](xref:MaintenanceSettings_xml#recyclebinsize) in *MaintenanceSettings.xml*. From DataMiner 10.5.5/10.6.0 onwards<!--RN 40565-->, if no value is provided, the default limit is 100 MB.

## Restoring a previous configuration

If an incorrect configuration change is implemented in the system, in some cases, it is possible to use the recycle bin to restore the original configuration.

For example, if a view is renamed or moved in the Surveyor, a zip file will be created containing the *Views.xml* file and a cause file, which details why the change occurred. It is then possible to restore the *Views.xml* file as follows:

1. Copy the file from the *Recycle Bin* folder back to its original location.

   > [!NOTE]

>    > From DataMiner 10.5.5/10.6.0 onwards<!--RN 40565-->, there is an 11-minute period during which a modified file is not updated. This means the restored file may not reflect the most recent change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > From DataMiner 10.5.5/10.6.0 onwards<!--RN 40565-->, the files in the *Recycle Bin* folder are only updated every 11 minutes. This means that when you restore the files, they may not contain recent changes.
```
